refactor[next]: move lift_mode itir test fixture into program_processor (#1533)
GridTools/gt4py: docs/user/next/QuickstartGuide.md

This section approaches the pseudo-laplacian by introducing the required APIs progressively through the following subsections:

> - [Getting started with the GT4Py declarative frontend](#getting-started-with-the-gt4py-declarative-frontend)
>   - [Installation](#installation)
>   - [Programming guide](#programming-guide)
>     - [Key concepts and application structure](#key-concepts-and-application-structure)
>       - [Importing features](#importing-features)
>       - [Fields](#fields)
>       - [Field operators](#field-operators)
>       - [Programs](#programs)
>       - [Composing field operators and programs](#composing-field-operators-and-programs)
>     - [Operations on unstructured meshes](#operations-on-unstructured-meshes)
>       - [Defining the mesh and its connectivities](#defining-the-mesh-and-its-connectivities)
>       - [Using connectivities in field operators](#using-connectivities-in-field-operators)
>       - [Using reductions on connected mesh elements](#using-reductions-on-connected-mesh-elements)
>       - [Using conditionals on fields](#using-conditionals-on-fields)
>       - [Implementing the pseudo-laplacian](#implementing-the-pseudo-laplacian)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Defining the mesh and the connectivities (adjacencies) between cells and edges](#Defining-the-mesh-and-its-connectivities)
- [Using connectivities in field operators](#Using-connectivities-in-field-operators)
- [Using reductions on connected mesh elements](#Using-reductions-on-connected-mesh-elements)
- [Implementing the actual pseudo-laplacian](#Implementing-the-pseudo-laplacian)
```
